(midtempo electronic music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(thrilling music)
(insects chirping)
(car whooshing)
(phone buzzing)
(thrilling music)
(tires rumbling)
(cars whooshing)
(thrilling music)
(glass squeaking)
- [Jessica] Are you watching for deer?
- Huh?
- Well. there's a reason
I sit in the backseat
on car trips after dark.
- And here I thought you
just enjoyed my company.
- Mm. some comfort you are.
Your nose is all up in that romance novel.
- Nah. this one's got vampires. (laughs)
- We still haven't seen any dear.
- Well. we might.
- Do we ever?
- Well. you know that a
deer hit my family's car
when we were coming back
home from Christmas one year.
I told you that story. right?
Do you want one?
It's so weird. I never even
liked these things before.
and now I crave 'em a lot.
How is Shiloh adjusting?
- [Ginny] You know. I love the
kid. but lord is she messy.
- What's the deal now?
- Who knows?
Emma called last night.
She said she needed to
sort a few things out
for a little while. and
would I take Shiloh.
- See. I told you we were almost there.
- [Jessica] Heard that one before.
(thrilling music)
(tires screeching)
(thunder cracking)
Are you comin'?
- Sure. why not?
Hey. Henry. you comin'?
(suspenseful music)
(insects chirping)
(gasps)
(dramatic music)
(man shouting)
(woman screaming)
- All your fault!
You murderer!
You bloody murderer!
It's not over till it comes for you!
Not until you die!
- Get off me!
- Not until you die!
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
(gasping)
- Geez. what is wrong with you?
- There's this crazy lady!
- Where?
- She's right there.
She was right there.
- Guys. don't leave me.
(engine revving)
(bags crackling)
- Well. you know I'll take
her. I mean. I love kids.
James says he's scared to take me places
that have babies 'cause
he's scared I may steal one.
(laughs)
- Well. at least I have a babysitter.
(thrilling music)
- Guys. who's that?
- You mean. you see him too?
- Yeah. I think I've seen him before.
- [Ginny] Well. what's
he doin' on the road?
Did his car break down?
- Guys?
- Are we goin' in circles?
- Very funny. Bobby. just
get back on the normal road.
- I did.
- Hey. guys. I don't feel so good.
- Oh my god. she's bleeding!
We have to stop somewhere.
Okay.
- This is your fault. you know.
You should have been
paying better attention.
(suspenseful music)
(tires screeching)
- Why are we stopping here?
- Because we're at the hospital. silly.
- We have to go. come on.
(door creaking)
(dramatic music)
(thrilling music)
(gasping)
(dramatic music)
(screaming)
- Are you all right?
(thunder cracking)
(dramatic music)
(alarm blaring)
(phone ticking)
(gentle music)
(bills crumpling)
(water splashing)
- Damn ceiling is
leaking into your daddy's
old office again.
- You need a ride to work today?
- No. I didn't get any sleep last night.
I'm not goin' in.
- You just started this job.
Are you scared of making a bad impression
like the last one?
- You were up late last
night. I heard voices.
- I was talking to Emily on Skype.
- Oh.
I'm glad you two are still friends.
- Why wouldn't we be?
- I just know it's not easy
maintaining long distance friendships.
I wish I could have afforded to
send you to New York like her parents did.
I know you'd be happier.
(microwave beeping)
- Not this again. Mom.
- If your daddy were still alive...
- But he's not.
- Look. I just wanna make sure
that you're gonna be okay.
We both have to save
every penny we've got.
And I want to know I'm gonna
be taken care of in my old age.
- You're too young to
be worried about that.
(laughs)
- You're never too young to
be worried about your future.
(sighs)
One day.
when you get married and have a house.
are you gonna let me
come live with you. hm?
- Why don't we just cross
that bridge when we get there?
Honestly. I've never seen
somebody in such a hurry
to become elderly.
(ringing)
- There's my bacon.
- And that's my cue.
I don't wanna be late.
(keys rattling)
- Love you. sweetie.
- I love you too.
(doorbell dinging)
- Hey. listen. do you think you could
take over my cafeteria duty today?
- An audition?
- Yeah.
- Okay. look. I would but
I just got into my new
doctor's office. and they squeezed me
in for an appointment this afternoon.
- Damn.
- No. no. no. no.
I am out of here before lunch.
and I have a spa
appointment already booked.
Not happening.
- Oh. come on. please. look.
I'll sub for one of your classes.
And I'll treat you to a
spa day if I get the part.
(sighs)
- Okay. fine.
- Okay!
- But you're gonna sub for
my ninth grade theater class
on Friday. and I want the full day.
Everything included. right?
- Yes. absolutely. I'll do it. thank you.
- You're welcome. honey.
And you can stop kissing
my ask. you got your way.
- Amanda. what's up. shouldn't
you be in first period?
- I didn't know what to do
so I thought I'd just
bring it to you guys.
- What's the matter. sweetie?
- Mitchell Mayer posted this
on his Instagram last night.
I think it might be some kind of a threat.
- [Mitchell Recording] But
this shall be your punishment.
I will take great pleasure
in slaughtering you.
All of you.
You will finally see that I
am not a mouse. but a god!
- Mitchell. what is this?
You know you're being accused
of some very serious things.
- Mitchell. you threatened people's lives.
- Henry. let me handle this.
Look. I remember what it's
like being a kid your age.
Girls thought you were weird.
They wouldn't go to prom
with ya. it really sucks.
I didn't even lose my
virginity until I was 24.
It was this time where we ran down to.
Okay. well. not really sure
why I'm telling you this.
The point is. you cannot
post stuff like this.
- It was just a prank.
- A prank?
- Why would someone make
something like that up?
- I don't know. Mr. Lyle.
They'd have to be pretty
sick. wouldn't they?
- No. they'd be suspended
just like you are right now.
I'm calling your parents.
clear out your locker.
(suspenseful music)
(door slamming)
- I think we should call the police.
- Ah. it's gone to voicemail.
You know. I went to
school with his parents.
It wouldn't surprise me if they
were on the couch right now
baked out of their minds.
- Mr. Blakely. I really think
we should call the police.
- Ah. don't worry about it.
I don't think he'll pull
any shit like that again.
Now if you'll excuse me. I have
another phone call to make.
Apparently a parent got
offended at a recent production
of Anything Goes. said
it was too suggestive.
Sometimes I'd like to just tell them just
to shove it up their ass.
But I'd like to keep my job.
- I don't get it. Mama.
I can't make my whole life about you.
You did that and look where that got you.
You hate everyone. you never go out.
You might as well already be dead.
I'm not gonna do this anymore.
Okay. you're not pulling me down with you.
I won't allow it.
If you wanna sit here.
(phone dinging)
If you wanna sit here and
waste away then go ahead.
but I'm not doing it.
I wanna live.
(phone beeping)
I wanna meet new people
and I wanna fall in love
and have my heart broken.
And learn new things.
(loud chewing)
(sighs) And become a better person for it.
(laughing)
I'm not scared like you. Mama.
(loud smacking)
I know the world is capable
of beautiful things.
I know there's bad things too.
But if I stay here then I'll never know.
I'll never know what might have happened
if I had been more
courageous than you and left.
(clapping)
- Thank you. Hank.
- It's Henry.
- Right. we'll let you know
by the end of next week.
Here. I know these are expensive.
(sighs)
(suspenseful music)
- I am convinced the only way
to get a part in this town is
to blow someone. which I
don't have a problem doing
if someone would just tell me.
- So what is the big deal
about this place again?
- It's the only theater in the state
that gives you equity points so that you
can go on big auditions when
you get to New York or LA.
- Well. it makes sense I guess.
Ugh. I am so jealous of you right now.
I am ready to just have this baby
so I can start drinking again.
- Well. I'm sure one can't hurt.
Our mothers probably
drank every now and then
while they were pregnant.
- No.
No. no. no. I'm not gonna jinx this.
You know. my sister Rachel.
she is like a baby receptacle.
I mean. she just keeps
popping kids out of her body
one after another. and I
always think how amazing it is
that two people in the same bloodline
can have such different
reproductive systems.
I want this baby. I mean.
if I didn't want this baby
I wouldn't have tried for so long. (yawns)
- (laughs) Wow. did you
get any sleep last night?
- Well. better than the night before
so I'm making progress.
(laughing)
- Jess. do you ever have any
strange dreams?
- Oh yeah.
Ever since I got pregnant. my dreams.
I've just had doozies of 'em.
Like. okay. a week ago I dreamed
that I was in a three-way
with Kevin Spacey and
Dwight Yoakam. (laughs)
And then two nights ago.
I dreamed that I was
a sorority girl. okay.
and the house mom was Cloris Leachman.
and she was a meth dealer.
It was too bad that that was a dream
because that would make
a great Netflix Original.
- I had a strange dream last night.
It was weird and it.
I've had the odd college exam
stress dream here and there.
But nothing like this.
You were in it.
(gasps)
- Was I skinny?
- You were pregnant.
- Damn!
- Mr. Blakely and Ginny. they were there.
And that kid. the one that I sent
to the principle's office this morning.
- The creepy one?
- Yeah. Mitchell Mayer.
I can't. I can't remember
everything. I just.
I remember how it made me feel.
- Are you sure I wasn't skinny?
All right. speaking of that.
I better call the man that did this to me.
I didn't call him after my
appointment. he worries.
- Well. I should probably check on Ginny.
See how she's handling cafeteria duty.
- Oh. well. Mr. Blakely's
covering it for me and.
truth be known. I hope he suffers.
He still owes me a favor
for not telling his wife
about he and Mrs. Crawley's affair.
- (chuckles) The piano teacher?
- Yes.
- Oh god.
- I'm gonna go make my call. you just.
I want you to think on that.
- Okay.
(sighs)
(suspenseful music)
(phone buzzing)
- Oh hey. honey. you're back.
Caught me on a smoke brake. (chuckles)
- I thought you quit.
- Yeah. well. I guess I have
a New Year's resolution then.
don't I?
(distant popping)
- What was that?
- I don't know. it sounded like fireworks.
- Ginny. I think you need to go.
(popping)
- What?
- I think you need to get
in your car and leave now.
(gunshot blasting)
(blood spattering)
(gun blasting)
- He is so horrible.
He worries so much and he's just so.
What is it?
(suspenseful music)
(whispers) What is it?
(thrilling music)
- Shots rang out at a little
after 12:30 in the lunchroom
of Hamilton High just one week ago.
and we're still no closer
to finding out the motives
behind 17-year-old Mitchell
Mayer's killing spree
that left four teachers
and seven students dead.
and over 10 injured.
Even more disturbing. Mayer's
parents. Angela and Michael.
were found brutally stabbed to death
in their Jackson home
later that afternoon.
The day before the shooting.
the teen posted a threatening
video on social media
that went ignored by most
students and teachers.
Warning. this video may be
disturbing for some viewers.
- I will take great pleasure
in slaughtering all of you.
You will finally see that I
am not a mouse. but a god.
- Police were notified by
two Hamilton High teachers.
Henry Lyle and Jessica Newton.
Neither were at the crime scene.
but were said to have been on the phone
with one of the victims at the time.
- I feel like all of this
could have been avoided
if someone would have spoken up.
Honestly. I just wanna
take all the guns away.
Just get rid of 'em all.
- Oh. Henry.
That's not gonna be good.
- Why?
- People like their guns around here.
- More than their children?
- I just don't think you needed
to make this political. is all.
- Kids died. Mom.
- Already there are
conspiracies that Henry and Jessica are...
- Some of my coworkers died.
- And that the entire thing
was staged.
Local politician. Natalie
Jones. believe it's...
- I'm sorry if I'm not
giving out cotillion-approved
talking points.
- [TV Reporter] And turned
him into a murderer.
- It looks like the reporters are gone.
(blinds clattering)
- (sighs) Are you okay. sweetie?
I think you need to get out of this house.
- Are you kidding?
Most people would kill
for this much down time.
(insects chirping)
- I'm gonna go wash this
cup out and go to bed.
- I'll do it.
- Look. I can do it. you...
- No. you need some sleep.
Just go to bed. I'll take care of it.
(phone buzzing)
Hey.
What's up?
- [Jessica] Would you come
with me to this thing tomorrow?
- This thing?
That sounds sinister.
- It's in this kind of bad
area and I don't want James
to know I'm going. it's
like a support group.
- I don't know. Jess. that...
That sounds goofy.
People just sitting around
talking about their feelings.
(clears throat)
- [Jessica] You don't have to participate.
I just want someone to go with me.
(sighs)
Are you there?
- What time is it?
- 7:30.
- [Henry] Goddammit.
- [Jessica] What?
- Not you.
Some reporter's trying to be sneaky.
- Okay.
- Can I call you back?
- Bye.
- All right.
(knife clattering)
(insects chirping)
(hand slapping)
(gasping)
Jesus.
- Can I have a quote?
- Kiss my ass. end quote.
(dramatic music)
(gasping)
- Did you remember to put
the cup in the dishwasher?
- Mom. go to bed.
- Remember to lock it
because if you don't lock it.
- I know how it works.
- Do you wanna come to
church with me next Sunday?
- Yeah. I'm sure that will really help.
- There are a lot of
people there your age.
I don't know what I would have done
without my faith these
last few years I've had.
- I think I'll sleep in. Mom. thanks.
- Okay.
(door clattering)
(knife clanging)
- Where are you going?
- To see a friend.
- Do I know them?
- No. I'm going to a play.
- Oh. which one?
- [Henry] Mom. I feel like I'm on Jeopardy
with all the questions.
- (laughs) I love you. sweetie.
- I love you too.
Be back in a bit.
- Hey. if you known when. hey!
(bell dinging)
(suspenseful music)
(tires rumbling)
(engine revving)
(suspenseful music)
- I've been having really terrible dreams.
Every time I shut my eyes.
I think I could have done something.
I think about Ginny.
and how she said that her husband
couldn't live without her.
And I think of him at Christmas. alone.
They rarely saw their daughter.
They only time they
ever saw her is when she
dropped her kid off to go
on some bender or something.
So he's there with no one.
And I think about the
kids and their families.
And I feel like I could
have done something.
I don't know what. but I
could have done something.
- Now. Jessica. you did
everything you could.
and you too. Henry.
Now. I'm really glad you're with us today.
Would you care to share something?
- (sighs) I'm so sorry I'm late everybody.
Someone OD'ed on the fourth
floor of the hotel again.
and so I had to wait
for the police to come.
and then by the time I got outta there
the interstate was backed up so I had
to suffer through that.
And then after all that
buildup it was just two people
on the side of the road with a flat tire.
I mean. I was really kinda
hoping for a decap or two.
- Jarvis!
What have I told you about interrupting
other people's shares?
- You want some chicken?
How about you. you want some?
I mean. I'm not gonna eat
it all. I'm on a diet.
- Jarvis. you will remain silent
until it's your turn. okay?
- All right. now. now. go on Henry.
- I'm not really comfortable
sharing just yet.
- So what was I interrupting?
- Henry. you can share whenever
you're up to it. all right?
Now. would anyone else care
to have a go at it. huh?
What about you. Patty?
- [Patty] I don't know
what to say exactly.
(suspenseful music)
- [Henry] I didn't know I was supposed
to share at this thing.
- I didn't know that he
was gonna ask you to share.
This. it was my first time.
- Jess. that's like
your sixth cup of coffee
since you've been here.
- I didn't sleep good last night.
- It doesn't look like you're
gonna sleep well tonight.
(suspenseful music)
What?
What are you staring at?
- It's nothing.
It's probably just I
haven't gotten enough sleep.
Have you seen strange
things since that day?
- Define strange?
- Well. you know like you're being watched
or maybe followed?
- Reporters?
- No. no. no.
It's not them.
It's like when I'm
walking in a parking lot
there's someone walking
like right behind me.
And then when I go outside in the morning
to get the paper. they're watching me.
They're always staring at me.
I knew. I knew you
would think I was crazy.
- No. hey. I don't think
you're crazy at all.
Maybe you just need some sleep.
- Yeah.
- Maybe a vacation.
- A vacation wouldn't do any good
because then I would
have to come back here.
Because you can't outrun your demons.
And I have a feeling the worst part of it
hasn't even started.
(suspenseful music)
- You gonna be okay?
All right. you call me if you need me.
(insects chirping)
- Hi.
I'm Jarvis Coker.
- Oh yeah. I noticed.
- Look. I'm sorry about
sabotaging your share back there.
but I tend to do that.
I've gotta stop doing that.
You know. it's not all
about you. Jarvis. (laughs)
- Hey. don't worry about it.
I really didn't have
anything to share anyway.
- Oh thank god. a normal one.
I swear. it's like most of the people here
are absolute looney tunes.
Oh not you. no. no.
Not you. no. you're great. you're great.
She's the worst one. she's horrible.
I feel like I've seen you before.
- From the news?
- Oh hell no. I don't watch the news.
Way too depressing.
I think we should try to
keep things light. don't you?
- Yeah.
- You audition at Center Stage right?
- Yeah. all the good it does me.
- Oh my god. right?
It's like the whole thing's rigged.
I's like. look. the sets look
great. the costumes are great.
but they cast the exact
same people in everything.
- They told me you had a vision.
They said that you knew what could happen.
That you saw it before it happened.
And you didn't tell anybody!
You killed those kids!
You should have reported that boy.
My granddaughter had
two bullets in her head
because of you!
It's all your fault.
I would kill you right now
for what you did to those kids!
But you are not worth it.
Justice will be paid eventually.
Oh. there are many forms
of justice in this world.
- Whoa.
Oh my god.
Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Wow.
I can't believe I almost
died in a church parking lot
that's right down the
street from a City Trends.
(chuckles)
Do you want a drink?
They all talk the same. you
know. they all have that same
weird way of talking.
"Oh. I am so happy to audition for you."
"I am so grateful for this opportunity."
And they all sing. like
they all sing like this.
like way up here.
And all the guys have that
weird like rock nasal tenor crap
where they're all like this.
It's like ugh. just makes
we want to claw my ears out
and just throw them at them.
Waiter!
Hi. can I have more?
Thanks.
Ridiculous.
(sighs)
- Well. I wish I could
sing. even a little bit.
My dad could so.
- Could?
- Yeah.
- What. is he dead?
- Alzheimer's. early onset.
- Ooh. I'm sorry.
- Yeah. that's okay. I get that a lot.
He was in a band in the '80s.
He was good too. they
even put out a record.
But then he got married.
had a kid. a normal job.
All that crap.
He used to tell me he wanted
to be a music teacher.
but it just didn't pay enough.
not for my mom at least.
She had an image and
a lifestyle to uphold.
but I think that if my dad
had had a reason to live
he might would have. he
might would still be here.
He might would have gotten sick still.
but he would have had a reason to fight.
- So you and your mom
weren't worth fighting for?
- Is that enough?
You know. for an artist.
At least. if you're not
able to do your art.
you might as well be dead.
- Ugh. (chuckles)
- But you. I mean. you've
gotten out. done things.
I've just mostly done
bad community theater.
- I mean. after I was
kicked out of college.
I went straight to New York.
I did a few
Off-Off-Off-Off-Off-Broadway shows.
and then I landed the highly coveted gig
of SpongeBob Number Three at the
Nickelodeon Theme Park Hotel.
(laughs)
- I didn't know they had a hotel.
- They don't. they don't.
it closed. (laughs)
Waiter!
- You know. I feel like
I am wasting my time.
I'm never gonna get outta here.
And I'm just gonna end up like
these other mindless zombies
who just go through the motions.
- Well. I have ways of
finding out. you know.
- Are you psychic?
- Okay.
I learned how to read palms.
It's a long story.
I was living out of a van
when I was 23 with this guy.
He was addicted to crystal meth.
He still had all of his teeth though.
which was a nice touch.
- I don't really believe in all of that.
- Okay. so you're the
one with the visions.
and you don't believe in this?
Okay. give me your hand.
Let me prove myself.
Hey. that eye roll was
completely uncalled for.
Let's see here.
Ooh. okay.
- What?
What do you see?
What?
What. am I not gonna get married?
Have two and a half kids?
What?
(suspenseful music)
Am I dying tomorrow?
- According to this...
You should already be dead.
- Look. I gotta go.
- I didn't mean to scare you.
- It's fine. it's good to meet you.
but I really do have to go.
(lights buzzing)
(door slamming)
(insects chirping)
(distant slamming)
(dramatic music)
(gasps)
Can I help you?
Excuse me. I.
Excuse me. I need to get in.
(thrilling music)
(clicking)
(ringing)
(doors clattering)
(elevator beeping)
(insects chirping)
(dramatic music)
- I know you're an actor and everything.
but are you prone to dramatic exits?
Here. you left this. (laughs)
You know. if I wasn't such a decent person
I would've kept it for myself.
but then I got to thinking
how me might end up in the
same meeting at some point.
you might see me wearing it.
and that'd just be tacky. (laughs)
About. you know.
I didn't mean to scare you.
It's a party trick. nothing more.
- It's fine.
- Look. I know how hard it is
to admit that there's a issue.
but you've taken that first step.
and that takes a lotta guts.
(laughs)
- Okay. look. I'm really fine.
I don't have a problem.
Okay. I was just there
for Jessica. that's it.
- Okay. okay. if you say so but just know
that if you ever need to talk to anyone
I'm open day or night.
but if you could keep it
between the hours of noon
and 6PM that would be great.
I programmed my number
into your phone under BFF
while you were in the bathroom.
You should really like lock your phone.
There's so many crazies out there.
So where you parked. where you parked?
- I'm over there.
- Oh. me too. I'll walk you to your car.
(somber music)
(curtain clattering)
(vacuum humming)
(water splashing)
(suspenseful music)
- Ma?
What are you doing?
- Were you gonna tell me about this?
- Why were you going through my things?
- Have you been selling drugs?
- I was doing this so I could...
Move away.
And have a year or two taken care of.
- With everything that's happened here?
My car. the leak in the attic. the...
- Well. maybe if you
didn't keep buying bullshit
like new chairs and curtains
for our non-existent guests
this wouldn't be an issue.
- Henry. there's nothing wrong with me
wanting this house to look nice.
I may end up selling one of these days.
- It's my money. okay?
I will take care of the loans when I can.
- I guess you just want this
to keep earning interest
while you dally off to New York
and get your dreams quashed.
- Hey. well the sooner I head out there.
the sooner I can come back
with my tale between my legs
and take care of you
in your twilight years.
I mean. that's all you
care about. isn't it?
It's all about who's
gonna take care of you?
Because you can't stand
the thought of being alone.
I will take care of you
when the times comes.
but it hasn't. and before it
does I have to live my life.
You're not even that old.
Why are you making this
seem like such a bad thing?
- Because. Henry. it is a bad thing.
You think I haven't seen how
this world treats the elderly?
Henry. I'm scared.
I'm not gonna end up a vegetable
in one of those nursing
homes like that one where your Maw Maw is.
Like the one they sent your daddy to.
I need to know that I'm
gonna be taken care of
in my old age.
And I think...
I think it's the least
goddamn thing I deserve
after taking care of raising you.
- Was I that much of a burden?
- No.
Oh Henry. that's not what I meant.
- It's never what you mean.
Dad believed in me.
- I believe in you.
- [Henry] No. you don't.
- I just wanna know that
you're gonna be safe.
It's a tough business. Henry.
- You don't think I know that?
You don't think I think about
that every day of my life?
God. if I could do anything
else I would. but this is it.
- I think your daddy would have wanted you
to stay here and pay
off those student loans.
- Sometimes you just have to take a risk.
I mean. Dad could have stayed in the band.
He could have been a star.
- Henry.
No.
No. he was never gonna be a star.
He wasn't that good.
Neither are you.
- Oh.
There it is.
- No.
Oh. Henry!
Henry!
(whispers) Oh my god.
Oh!
- I just came for my
friend who didn't tell me
she wasn't going to be here.
She's been taking everything
really hard since the.
well. you know.
I think she worries about me
because I haven't really
felt much since the shooting.
I don't cry or talk about it much.
- Now. there's nothing wrong with crying.
- I've always had a bit
of a nervous disposition.
Still I venture to say that
I am probably the sanest.
most sensible person that I know.
I never did drugs or got
drunk every night or had sex.
(chuckles) I just never
really had much interest
in all of it. to be honest.
I mean. all of my classmates
did. but I didn't.
The point is that I'm
weird. but I'm not crazy.
And Jessica. she doesn't strike
me as the crazy type either.
But...
But there's been this something in the air
since the shooting.
I've tried to shrug it off.
but it just follows me
everywhere that I go. (chuckles)
I used to have this
dream when I was a kid.
And even well into my 20s where...
Where I'd killed someone. (chuckles)
For good reason. it was
self-defense or something.
And I buried the body.
and I got away with it.
But then. years later.
the ground was dug up
and the body was found.
And I'm terrified that
I'm gonna get caught.
Then I wake up and 10
minutes after I would
feel like someone was out
to get me for what I did.
That's how I feel now.
like someone or something
is out to get me.
(phone ringing)
(Jessica screaming)
(phone buzzing)
- [Jessica Recording] Hi. this is Jessica.
Sorry I can't come to the phone right now.
Leave me a message and I'll call you back.
(sighs)
(tapping)
(gasping)
- You know. you don't have
to call me. I'm right here.
- Yeah.
I didn't call.
- Yeah. I mean. I'm not gonna lie.
My feelings were a little hurt for a bit.
but I know you wanna be my best friend
and make it up to me so
what are you doing tonight?
- Well. I was actually just
calling to check on Jessica
because I haven't seen or
heard from her in a few days.
- Okay. well you can
do that and everything.
but how do you feel about maybe
coming over to my place and
having something to eat?
It's my birthday. my fiance's
cooking. he's really good.
Oh. come on. unbutton your top button.
You know. throw your shoes off.
Paint the town red. whatever that means.
- Okay. look. I haven't eaten so I can
come over for a little bit.
- Okay. perfect. perfect. I
will text you the address.
(suspenseful music)
(seat-belt clattering)
(engine revving)
(car beeping)
(suspenseful music)
(clicking)
(knocking)
(bell dinging)
- Hello.
(suspenseful music)
Are you selling something?
(gasping)
(gun blasting)
- So you just punched the kid in his face.
- Right in his face. right
in his fat little face.
I had had it up to here. I
mean. it was so hot that day.
and I was like full SpongeBob regalia
so it was like super. super hot.
And this kid keeps putting
this stick in my face
so I just shove it.
And it was so satisfying. and
then I got fired the next day.
But it was totally worth
it. absolutely worth it.
- Oh. Wells. let me help you.
You cooked. it's the least I could do.
- No. no. really it's fine. I got it.
- Look. never volunteer to help him.
He's got his own dish washing system.
You're never gonna get it right.
- Are you done?
- Well. I'm fat. Wells. so
that's all I'm gonna eat.
- You're not fat.
- I know I'm not like 1000 pounds.
but there are different
kinds of fat. Wells.
- Well. then you're an imaginary fat.
- Oh. that's sweet. that's so sweet.
That would very sweet
if I wasn't convinced
you're trying to keep me fat so
that no one else will
want me. it's so sweet.
He wants me all to himself.
- [Wells] Hey. sweetie?
You mind if I take a few of
these to the guys at the morgue?
We have so much left over.
I figure I might take some in.
you know. cheer 'em up a bit.
- Sure.
I mean. you do all the cooking
so I'm not gonna need 'em.
- So. what happened?
- [Wells] Well. actually
do you wanna tell 'em?
I'm scared I might be late.
- Sure. sure.
Well. you see. a few weeks ago or.
How long ago was it again. babe?
- [Wells] Three weeks.
- Okay. so three weeks ago
his friends at the morgue
started to notice the bodies
were just disappearing.
Believe it or not. stuff like
that has happened before.
Like college pranks and stuff.
- I can't believe people still do that.
- I know. it's totally gross. right?
But this was different 'cause
they would take the bodies.
but then they would bring them back.
- I had a guy tell me just
the other day one came in.
A nun.
- A nun?
- Yeah. she was still in
her habit and everything.
Died from some freak
aneurysm or something.
- So where did they find the body?
- It was somewhere downtown
in a parking garage.
- Are you all right?
- No. sorry. I was just
thinking about something.
- Well. anyway. the guys in security
have been in a pretty bad
mood ever since this started.
Probably scared they're gonna get fired.
Because. see. the thing is
we watch the security tapes.
And we can't find anything fishy.
I mean. the camera might
malfunction every once in a while
and cut off. but that's it.
- Well. that would be something
fishy. Wells. (chuckles)
- All right. well what
I mean is. smart-ass.
is that we can't se any vandals
or anything. that's weird.
It just goes to show whoever's doing this
knows what they're doing.
(phone buzzing)
- Yes?
- Henry. you have to help me.
I've done something and. oh god.
You have to help me.
He wasn't himself. please. he...
- Jess. what's wrong?
- You have to get here before.
I don't know what I've just done. I.
Oh god!
(motor humming)
(insects chirping)
(knocking)
(suspenseful music)
(groans)
(dramatic music)
- What?
What is goin' on?
- Listen. I've done
something really crazy.
but you have to understand
that I did it in self-defense.
- What did you do?
(exhaling)
(gagging)
- No. no. no. Henry.
- Don't touch me!
- Look. I know this is
crazy. but it wasn't James.
- What have you done?
- He left to go get cigarettes.
and then when he came
back he. he. oh god...
- Jesus.
- I don't know who that
is. but it's not James.
It's not James.
It was his eyes. his eyes. they. they...
They didn't look normal.
Okay. it was really weird.
He looked just like those
people that I've been seeing.
- What people?
- Henry. Henry. you know.
you know. the people.
You know. the people because
you've been seeing them too.
And they've been following you.
- Jessica. we need to call the police.
- What are the police gonna do?
What are they gonna do?
They're gonna get them too.
They're gonna get anyone
that stands in their way.
- Jessica.
- Please. please.
Please. you have to listen to me. okay?
We just have to get out of here right now!
(thrilling music)
I have to get my jacket.
(dramatic music)
(insects chirping)
(clattering)
(suspenseful music)
Henry!
James's body isn't there!
- What do you mean. he's not there?
- I mean his body isn't
there. we have to leave!
(screaming)
(dramatic music)
Oh my god! (screams)
(loud munching)
(loud grunting)
(screaming)
(crunching)
- James.
(thrilling music)
(knife clanging)
James. stop!
I don't wanna do this!
(flesh crunching)
(soft groaning)
(body thudding)
(knife rattling)
(suspenseful music)
Yes.
My name is Henry Lyle.
I'm at 1845 Hill Street.
I need to report a murder.
It's not my house. it's a friend's.
She stabbed her husband to death.
And then he snapped her neck.
Yeah.
(gasping)
(floor creaking)
(dramatic music)
(gasping)
(lock clattering)
(engine revving)
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
(tires screeching)
(suspenseful music)
(horn honking)
(door creaking)
(lock clattering)
(keys rattling)
(clicking)
(gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(thrilling music)
Mom.
We have to go.
(thrilling music)
(dramatic music)
(Henry shouting)
(knife rattling)
(flesh crunching)
(Henry grunting)
(panting)
(keys rattling)
(grunting)
(clicking)
(gasping)
(door creaking)
(suspenseful music)
(engine revving)
(tires screeching)
(gasping)
(thrilling music)
(knocking)
- I'm coming. I'm coming.
- (gasps) Shut the door!
- What. Christ. what's going on?
- Where's Wells?
- At work. duh.
- Lock it!
(clicking)
- What's?
What's going on?
(phone buzzing)
(suspenseful music)
- Hello?
- Wells. can you come home?
- Come home why?
- Henry. just came to the house.
and he's drenched in blood
and mumbling something
about his friend Jessica
and her husband.
I think there might have
been some kind of a fight.
I really don't know. but I'm
kinda freaking out right now.
And he just says that
he really wants you here
so if you can just get in the car. please.
- You and your damn strays from group.
If this one attempts
suicide like the last one.
- Wells. just get in the
car and come back home!
Please. do this for me.
- [Wells] Fine. just hide the pills
and knives until I get there.
- Thank you. sweetie.
I love you.
These should fit.
The bathroom's right across the hall.
Do you need something.
like a Xanax or something?
(suspenseful music)
- That's her.
That's the lady that attacked me tonight.
- Is that the woman from the parking lot?
- Yeah.
- Well. Henry. it says that she's dead.
- No. that's her. I saw her.
- Henry. that sounds insane.
- I know it sounds crazy.
Earlier tonight. I would have
been right there with you.
And Jessica. she tried to warn me.
But it didn't make any sense!
The dream.
The dream. it was a warning.
I don't know why it
came to me. but it did.
I know what's happening now.
I wasn't supposed to
survive that massacre.
I was supposed to be there.
We were supposed to be there!
We weren't supposed to be saved.
- Henry.
- I know it sounds crazy!
Maybe I'm crazy.
Maybe I'm outta my mind.
I have to prepare myself that I might just
be out of my mind!
That's the most rational
explanation. isn't it?
But what if I'm not?
What if I'm not crazy?
- I called Wells. he's on his way.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna go wait for him.
(suspenseful music)
(water splashing)
(insects chirping)
(suspenseful music)
(knob clicking)
(door creaking)
(dramatic music)
Wells. what are you doing?
(flesh crunching)
(water splashing)
(suspenseful music)
- Is Wells here yet?
Jarvis.
(suspenseful music)
(creaking)
(dramatic music)
(gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(grunting)
(smashing)
(keys rattling)
(insects chirping)
(animal hooting)
(dramatic music)
(crunching)
(knife rattling)
(body thudding)
(gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(engine revving)
(gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(thunder cracking)
(thrilling music)
(rain slapping)
(thunder cracking)
Shit!
- Are you all right?
- Whoa!
- Don't touch me!
- Do I need to call the police?
- No. please.
It doesn't matter!
They're gonna find me anywhere I go!
I need some gas.
Please.
- Did you try using a card. sir?
- I don't have my wallet!
Something's after me!
Please. please. I just need some gas.
I have to get outta here!
- Sir. I'm not allowed to let people
get gas without paying.
- Please.
I'll give you anything you want just.
An IOU. I'll give you my address.
I'll pay you back. I swear. just please.
- Okay.
(bags crackling)
(cap clattering)
(engine revving)
(thrilling music)
(suspenseful music)
(whimpering)
(gasping)
(grunting)
(maniacal laughing)
(mysterious music)
(Henry screaming)
(thunder cracking)
(mysterious music)
(eerie music)